---
layout: post
title: appex模块
date: 2017-09-07 11:30:20 +0759
category: Pythonista
tags: [pythonista]
---

## appex.is_running_extension()

返回值：*True/False*
判断脚本是否运行在应用程序扩展

## appex.get_attachments(uti='public.data')

Return a list of attachments that match the given type identifier. In most cases, it is a lot easier to use the type-specific functions (like get_image(), get_url()...) instead.

## appex.get_images(image_type='pil')

Return a list of images in the input of the share sheet. image_type can be either ‘ui’ or ‘pil’. If the type is ‘ui’, ui.Image instances will be returned, otherwise PIL images. If there are no images in the input, the return value will be an empty list.

## appex.get_image(image_type='pil)

Return the first image in the input of the share sheet. image_type can be either ‘ui’ or ‘pil’. If the type is ‘ui’, a ui.Image instance will be returned, otherwise a PIL image. If there are no images in the input, the return value will be an empty list.

## appex.get_image_data()

Return raw image data for the first image in the share sheet’s input. The data is returned as a byte string. If there is no image in the input, the return value is None.

## appex.get_images_data()

Return raw image data for all images in the share sheet’s input. The data is returned as a list of byte strings. If there are no images in the input, the return value is an empty list.

## appex.get_text()

返回值：字符串(unicode)
从share列表获取字符串 (unicode string).如果没有字符/文本输入, 则返回*None*.

## appex.get_urls()

从share列表获取url列表. 如果没有输入, 则返回空白列表.

## appex.get_url()

从share列表获取url. 如果没有输入, 则返回*None*.

## appex.get_file_paths()

从share列表获取文件路径列表.如果没有输入, 则返回空白列表.

## appex.get_file_path()

从share列表获取文件路径.如果没有输入, 则返回*None*.

## appex.get_vcards()

Return a list of VCard records in the share sheet’s input. Each record is represented as a string. If there are no Vcards in the input, the return value is an empty list.

## appex.get_vcards()

Return the first VCard record in the share sheet’s input. The record is represented as a string. If there are no Vcards in the input, the return value is None.

